Track number of optimised regexp label matchers (#4813)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Go: update to 1.20.3. #4773
* [ENHANCEMENT] Store-gateway: reduce memory usage in some LabelValues calls. #4789
* [ENHANCEMENT] Store-gateway: add a `stage` label to the metric `cortex_bucket_store_series_data_touched`. This label now applies to `data_type="chunks"` and `data_type="series"`. The `stage` label has 2 values: `processed` - the number of series that parsed - and `returned` - the number of series selected from the processed bytes to satisfy the query. #4797

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend: track number of optimised regexp label matchers. #4813

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend: Add `cortex_frontend_regexp_matcher_count` and `cortex_frontend_regexp_matcher_optimized_count` metrics to track optimization of regular expression label matchers. #4813
```
